# DevTeam
Merchant Website

#Organization 
  -All web page/function/database files as well as the autodoc file and video are displayed in the repository(outside the       folders)
  
  -Inside the folders:
  
    -pdf: Contains parts 1, 3, 5 and 6 pdfs of project
    
    -pics: Contains pictures used in website
    
    -autodoc: Contains html page generated by doxygen
      -Should be noted that I wasn't able to get this working on my computer so I had to use my friend's
      this explains the reason his name is in the path in the html page the autodoc created --Ameya
    
    
#How to run Website:

  -This guide assumes that some form of  the Apache, SQL, and PHP web stack is installed on the computer. Options for this      include MAMP/XAMPP/WAMP.
    
  -Go to htdocs folder inside MAMP/XAMPP/WAMP server and paste all files located inside repository into this folder
  
  -Power on server and go to localhost/phpmyadmin
  
    -if using XAMPP you just need the apache server
    
    -if using MAMP you just need to hit the power button on the application
  
  -On the left create a new database called 'CXC', click on the newly created database and import the CXC.sql file
  
  -Now go to localhost/rj_reg.php
  
  -From here you will be able to manuever throughout the website.
  
#Potential Issues:
  
  -There might be an issue with the root password. On MAMP, the default root password is 
    "root", however on XAMPP there is no root password. To solve this you need to go into functions.php and wherever there is
    a connection made to the database, you need to change the root password. 
        -lines: 92, 154, and 201
        
  -The directory the image is stored in is hard coded in--to get the images stored in your computer (the server), you will 
    need to change the directory to the one you want. (line 210 in functions.php)
    
  -Some local host servers make use of ports, so make sure you enter your port number if you have one. 
      -e.g localhost:8888/test.php
      
      -With our experience, XAMPP did not need this, but MAMP did. 
      
#Finding autodoc files:

  -All contained within autodoc file
  
  -Autodoc html page can be reached by going inside the autodoc folder and opening index.html and then clicking 
  on files
  
#How to run tests:
  -Following the instructions on http://codeception.com/quickstart more details on http://codeception.com/docs/02-GettingStarted

  1. Downwload Codeception sudo curl -LsS http://codeception.com/codecept.phar -o /usr/local/bin/codecept

  2. install codeception  php codecept.phar bootstrap

  3. Please make sure your local dev serveris running.  Put application URL into the .yml file 

  4. run the test with $ php codecept.phar run (your path to functionsTest.php)

